[MLOB-1943] add vertex ai documentation under auto instrumentation doc (#26662)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/setup/auto_instrumentation.md

| [Amazon Bedrock](#amazon-bedrock)          | >= 1.31.57         | >= 2.9.0          |
| [Anthropic](#anthropic)                    | >= 0.28.0          | >= 2.10.0         |
| [Google Gemini](#google-gemini)            | >= 0.7.2           | >= 2.14.0         |

> | [Vertex AI](#vertex-ai)                    | >= 1.71.1          | >= 2.18.0         |

Author: Need to verify the tracer release version.

Reviewer: Were you able to confirm this version?

Author: Yes, this is the correct version.

  - `model.generate_content()` (Also captures `chat.send_message()`)
  - `model.generate_content_async()` (Also captures `chat.send_message_async()`)

## Vertex AI

> The Vertex AI integration provides automatic tracing for [Google's Vertex AI SDK for Python][21] content generation and chat message calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vertex AI integration automatically traces content generation and chat message calls made through [Google's Vertex AI Python SDK][21].
```
